# IllumioCodingChallenge

Hello! This is my submission to the coding challenge. Firewall.py contains my implementation of the class, along with 2 helper functions. My overall process can be summarized as follows: I first load the input csv into pandas as a dataframe, and give it the appropriate column names. I then add 4 columns to the dataframe: port_low gives the lowest number in the permissible range for that rule, and respectively port_high gives the highest number. Ip_low and ip_high function the same way, except I added one feature - I converted each ip address abc.def.ghi.jkl to a number, abcdefghijkl. This allows for easy comparison between two ip addresses to test which one is greater. 

accept_packet returns true if there are any rows that satisfy all of the requirements of the input. If the given port/ip_address is in between the lowest and highest permissible numbers, inclusive, then those are counted as satisfied.

The first helper function, get_number_range, returns port_low and port_high when port is passed in, and ip_low and ip_high when ip_address is passed in. This is done using the second helper function, get_number, which parses a given ip address and converts it to an integer abcdefghijkl. 

I didn't have time to fully test my solution, so I included one other input csv file, MyOwnTest.csv, that just included a few other examples. I tested both the provided tests and my own test in Test.py, where I use the Python unittest unit testing framework that checks that my program outputs the correct boolean value for a variety of inputs. Given more time, I definitely would have tested more extensively, and included more edge cases. 

I used a pandas dataframe to store my data because I am proficient in using pandas, but more crucially, pandas is optimized to run really quickly when handling tabular data, and it is commonly used for much larger datasets. That's why I thought it would be a fast and space-efficient method to store the input file, as pandas contains optimizations in C that help with memory management and other factors. So when I made the decision to use a pandas dataframe, it was a natural next step to include more columns in my dataframe that would make my comparisons even easier. I decided to convert the ip addresses to a number because that allows for much faster comparing than parsing the string, octet by octet. But if I had more time, I would have deleted the original port and ip_address columns from the dataframe at the end, because they are no longer neccessary and just taking up extra space.

As for my team preferences, my first choice is Data, my second choice is Policy, and my third choice is Platform. In general, I hope this summary made it a bit easier to navigate my solution. With more time, I definitely would have documented my helper functions better, and included more examples. I am happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you for your time and consideration!
